He's generous.
Generosity takes 300 million.
The first snow, you must remember.
Whether he tries or not.
He's a famous fiancé.
Nothing can be with you.
Of course.
My boss.
He's an autocrat.
He knows every day to put me on overtime.
He's a ruthless capitalist.
Every day is like a peeling week.
How can I be
Take me home.
But isn't the wind here?
The wind.
You have a job.
Right? Yeah, I got a job.
Mine, my mother, he's blind dating.
Not my mother.
Dating in May.
It's 12 o'clock.
You're still dating.
Like us.
The social elite
No matter what time someone is waiting.
Let's go.
Don t you want to go with the old lady?
Well, I have an escort.
Oh, I don't have the general manager's day-to-day machine.
Stay up late every day
This body he can't stand.
I told you.
You work too hard.
The body certainly can't stand it.
Ask the caregiver to relax.
Hey.
Hey, man, why didn't you get back in time?
First snow, first snow goes out.
Didn't General Director Du Yeon-yeon come back with you?
He wants to go back on his own.
Seatbelts must be tightened.